I shall be known from now on...{0}
History, here I come!
I have a cunning plan.
I have a cunning plan that cannot fail!
I've got a plan so cunning, you could put a tail on it and call it a weasel.
I've just had another brilliant idea.
What an imagination that you have.
A chat with you and death loses its sting.
It's spontaneous and it's called wit.
The eyes are open, the mouth moves, but Mr. Brain has long since departed, hasn't he, {1}?
You twist and turn like a ... twisty, turny thing.
It is said, that civilised man seeks out good and intelligent company, so by learned discourse he may rise above the savage and closer to God. - Personally, however, I like to start the day with a total dickhead, to remind me I'm best.
Oh, God!  God!  What on earth was I drinking last night?  My head feels like there's a Frenchman living in it!
{1}, without you, life is like a broken pencil - pointless.
I want to be young and wild.  Then I want to be middle-aged and rich. And then I want to be old and annoy people by pretending I'm deaf.
I want to be remembered when I'm dead.  I want books written about me.  I want songs sung about me.  And hundreds of years from now, I want episodes from my life played out weekly at half past nine by some great actor of the age.
It's no fun working for a master with the intellect of a jugged walrus and all the social grace of a potty.
Have you ever visited Planet Earth?
Your brain, for example, is so minute, that if a hungry cannibal cracked your head open, there wouldn't be enough inside to cover a small water biscuit.
I, on the other hand, am a fully-rounded human being, with a degree from the University of Life, a diploma from the School of Hard Knocks, and three gold stars from the Kindergarten of Getting the Shit Kicked Out of Me.
This is going to be art's greatest moment since Mona Lisa sat down and told Leonardo da Vinci she was in a slightly odd mood.
Good luck against those elephants.
I must say, Captain, I've got to admire your balls.
If I should die, think only this of me:  I'll be back to get ya.
{1}, you have the intellectual capacity of a dirty potato.
I'm as excited as a really excited person who's got a special reason to be excited.
Made a note in my diary on the way here.  Simply says:  bugger.
Dear {1}, your brain is like the four-headed man-eating haddock-fish-beast of Aberdeen - it doesn't exist.
This planet has or rather had a problem, which was this: most of the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much all of the time. 
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
A towel, it says, is about the most massively useful thing an interstellar hitch hiker can have.
{1}! There's an infinite number of monkeys outside who want to talk to us about this script for Hamlet they've worked out.
Life! Don't talk to me about life.
And now for something completely different.
Now I show you how to defend yourself from anyone who attacks you armed with a piece of fresh fruit!!! - First, I force him to drop the banana, then I eat the banana, thus disarmin'him. I have now rendered him helpless!
Once upon a time, there was an enchanted prince, who ruled the land beyond the wobbles. One day, he discovered a spot on his face. Foolishly, he ignored it...and three years later, he died of cancer. The spot, however, flourished, and soon set out to seek its fortune.
Wenn ist das Nunstuck git und Slotermeyer? Ja! Beierhund das oder die Flippervaldt gesputt!
I'm a lumberjack and I'm OK. I sleep all night and I work all day. ~
The chances of finding out what's really going on in the universe are so remote, the only thing to do is hang the sense of it and keep yourself occupied.
I got very bored and depressed, so I went and plugged myself in to its external computer feed. I talked to the computer at great length and explained my view of the Universe to it. - And it committed suicide.
The Guide is definitive. Reality is frequently inaccurate.
Since every piece of matter in the Universe is in some way affected by every other piece of matter in the Universe, it is in theory possible to extrapolate the whole of creation every sun, every planet, their orbits, their composition and their economic and social history from, say, one small piece of fairy cake.
I am the main Dish of the Day. May I interest you in parts of my body?
The best conversation I had was over forty million years ago, ...and that was with a coffee machine.
How can I tell that the past isn't a fiction designed to account for the discrepancy between my immediate physical sensations and my state of mind?
Blimey! I didn't expect the Spanish Inquisition.
Do not listen to what anybody says to you at this point because they are unlikely to say anything helpful.
There is an art, it says, or rather, a knack to flying. The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss. Clearly, it is this second part, the missing, which presents the difficulties.
It is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems just with potatoes
In Relativity, Matter tells Space how to curve, and Space tells Matter how to move.
Many were increasingly of the opinion that they'd all made a big mistake in coming down from the trees in the first place. And some said that even the trees had been a bad move, and that no one should ever have left the oceans.
If we find something we can't understand we like to call it something you can't understand, or indeed pronounce.
It is very easy to be blinded to the essential uselessness of them by the sense of achievement you get from getting them to work at all.
God's Final Message to His Creation, written in letters of fire on the side of the Quentulus Quazgar Mountains - "We apologize for the inconvenience."
Nothing travels faster than the speed of light, with the possible exception of bad news, which obeys its own special laws.
Protect me from knowing what I don't need to know. Protect me from even knowing that there are things to know that I don't know. Protect me from knowing that I decided not to know about the things that I decided not to know about. Amen.
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.
The major difference between a thing that might go wrong and a thing that cannot possibly go wrong is that when a thing that cannot possibly go wrong goes wrong it usually turns out to be impossible to get at or repair.
Ah, I see you have the machine that goes "PING!" 
Just remember that you're standing on a planet that's evolving, Revolving at 900 miles an hour. It's orbiting at 90 miles a second, So it's reckoned, The Sun that is the source of all our power, The Sun, and you and me, And all the stars that we can see, Are moving at a million miles per day, Of a outer spiral arm, Of 40,000 miles an hour, On this galaxy we call the Milky Way.
Now, here's the meaning of life - Well, it's nothing very special. Uh, try and be nice to people, avoid eating fat, read a good book every now and then, get some walking in, and try and live together in peace and harmony with people of all creeds and nations.
{1}, you must be the Messiah! I say you are, lord, and I should know... I've followed a few.
It's every man's right to have babies if he wants them.
Know what I mean? Nudge, nudge! Know what I mean? Say no more! 
What... is the air-speed velocity of an unladen swallow?
